Docs samp (#764)
astropy/pyvo: docs/samp/index.rst

  then connect to.
* `pyvo.samp.SAMPHubProxy`, which is used to connect to an existing hub (including hubs
  started from other applications such as `TOPCAT <https://www.star.bristol.ac.uk/mbt/topcat>`_).
* `pyvo.samp.SAMPClient`, which is used to create a SAMP client.
* `pyvo.samp.SAMPIntegratedClient`, which is the same as `pyvo.samp.SAMPClient` except that it has
  a self-contained `pyvo.samp.SAMPHubProxy` to provide a simpler user interface.

`pyvo.samp` is a full implementation of `SAMP V1.3
<http://www.ivoa.net/documents/SAMP/20120411/>`_. As well as the Standard
Profile, it supports the Web Profile, which means that it can be used to also
communicate with web SAMP clients; see the `sampjs
<http://astrojs.github.io/sampjs/>`_ library examples for more details.

.. _IVOA Simple Application Messaging Protocol: http://www.ivoa.net/documents/latest/SAMP.html

Using `pyvo.samp`
====================

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   example_hub
   example_table_image
   example_clients
   advanced_embed_samp_hub

Reference/API
=============

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   ref_api

Acknowledgments
===============

> This code is adapted from the `SAMPy <https://pypi.org/project/sampy>`__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of this code was adapted from the `SAMPy <https://pypi.org/project/sampy>`__
```
